# My Developer Portfolio
This website is a binder full of projects, and samples of my development skills using html5, css, c+, c#, python, JavaScript, PHP, perl5, Ruby on rails, go, R, and so many more. Soon I will be posting images and samples of some of my new projects. I've developed most of my skills on my own by taking online courses and learning like the better AI on a jit (just in time) basis and on a on demand type schedule. The site will represent that journey for me digitally and serve as my digital or should we say virtual world. The last project that will be posted to this site is called: The SM (Santeeran) Meta-Verse a 3D Ultra Realistic Virtual World designed to be a scaled down version of Earth 🌎 with a NFT Marketplace which receives value upon creation. This project will mark the end of my development journey and the beginning of my journey into the world of business on a professional level. I invite everyone to follow along with me as I develop, test, market and sale some of the most innovative digital products, games and merchandise to hit the market. This is free all you have to do is stay tuned right here and be one the first to check out some of my ideas. For those who follow this repo and stay connected here first I will reward you with a 50% discount on all my digital products & services and a 25% discount on my physical products & services. Just hit the star on this repo to book mark it then use your github username (the one connected to my repo) and you will be able to use that username on all the stores, marketplaces, and single product offerings I create for your instant discount. Changes to this repo will come almost off not daily so be sure to keep your eyes peeled for any new details.

Thanks for joining me 

Owner: Derrick Adkison 2025
